[bluegrass music playing]
*
- Ooh, they're really good.
- I know.
My boyfriend's
in a band.
How cool is that?
[laughs]
Correction: your hot
boyfriend is in a band.
Hey, why even bother
with the washboard?
He can play his own abs.
Sorry.
Only I get to play those.
I hear that, girl.
Hey, I've got to go
meet Anton.
He's got some questions
about the new edits.
What? Now?
Yeah.
Liza,
he's an artist.
He doesn't think
about time.
Hey,
if Thad asks,
I was with you both
until midnight.
Got it?
Mm.
[smooches]
(man)
Thank you, Brooklyn.
We're the Bedford Avenue
Country Boys.
[all strum note]
[cheers and applause]
Yay!
You play a mean washboard,
my friend.
[chuckles]
Thanks, groupie.
How does one learn
to play the washboard?
Did you do a lot of old-timey
laundry as a kid?
Or did your pappy
teach you how to play?
My pappy?
I was in a band
in eighth grade.
I played the tambourine.
We called ourselves
the Ga-Ga's.
Like Lady Gaga?
No, like the Go-Go's
Sometimes you just make
absolutely no sense at all.
Mmm.
[phone buzzing]
[groans]
Who calls at 6:00
in the morning?
Hi, honey.
Hi. It's so nice
to hear from you.
Mom, only half the tuition
came in for my semester.
What?
I sent the check
three weeks ago.
Did you talk
to your father?
Yes, and he said
he's working on it.
You know it's not easy
for him right now.
It's not easy for him.
Mom, I don't want to have
a child of divorce moment.
I just need someone to send
a check for the tuition.
Honey,
I'm sorry about this.
I'm gonna get you that money,
I promise.
You don't worry
about a thing.
[sighs]
I love you, Pumpkin.
[whispers]
Pumpkin?
[sighs]
Is everything okay?
Uh, yeah.
It's just some work drama.
Yeah.
Sure.
Work's gonna be
mental today,
so I'm gonna shower
at home.
Okay,
I'll call you later.
Okay.
Bye.
[upbeat rock music]
*
Listen.
I just want to apologize
about last night.
Okay, I didn't mean to put you
in a weird position.
No problem.
It's your life.
What?
No lecture?
Like I said,
it's your life.
YOLO and all that.
Wait just a minute.
What is going on with you,
young lady?
Nothing.
Well, is it Josh?
No, it--
I'm just--
I'm strapped for cash.
I need $1,800 by Friday.
For what?
It's...
a student loan thing.
Ugh.
Are they hard-core
harassing you?
I swear MasterCard has drones
following my every more.
Yeah, yeah,
they are.
They're very threatening.
Let's have lunch
with Lauren.
She is the queen
of the second shift.
What's the second shift?
Uh, cater waiter,
hair fairy,
comedy club barker,
um...
Oh, dancing taco?
Uh,
hand model.
Let me see them paws.
Oh!
No, no.
Never mind.
Maybe not.
Okay, okay, tell her
about the other thing
you did for money,
you know,
when your parents
cut you off for a month.
- Yeah, tell me.
- Okay.
For, like, a hot minute,
I had a nice little side biz
selling my panties
on Craigslist.
What?
It's so much better than
the other skeezy stuff
guys will pay for.
How much?
Um, $200 a pair.
And they must be used.
Used?
Yep, like, "wear them
for three days,
work out in them,
never take them off" used.
- And you did this?
- Yeah, quite successfully.
I got to tell you,
there's definitely
a market there.
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
A creepy, skeezo market,
but...
We just need to write a juicy ad
and take a hot picture.
No, I can't show my face.
No, no, no, that is not
what they're paying
for to hear.
Are you wearing underwear now?
- Of course I am.
- Great.
Slip them off
down to your ankles.
Here?
Trust me,
I work in publicity.
Take 'em off.
Okay.
Ah!
They're so cute.
Can I get you ladies
anything else?
- No, thank you.
- No, we're fine.
Can I get a double macchiato,
easy on the foam?
You got it.
Okay.
I attached your photo
to my old ad.
I found the perfect filter.
- Ah.
- Ah! [giggles]
"20-something panties,
ripe and ready.
$200."
I don't know.
This feels incredibly creepy.
(Kelsey)
Wait.
You're only gonna have
to sell nine pairs.
Oh, you could do that
in a week.
You know what?
I'll even get a pair
nasty for you.
They will never know
the difference.
What a lovely gesture.
Thank you.
There.
Your panties are officially
on the market.
[giggling]
(man)
* Sha-la-la-la-la
(Josh)
So you'll like this.
I worked on this
couple today, right,
and they each wanted
half a heart
tattooed on each side
of their arms
that when they
held hands...
- It's one heart.
- I know.
So they're heartbroken when
they're not together.
That's so romantic.
Yeah, I mean, it's kind of
idealistic, though, right?
What do you think?
Think we're supposed
to be with
one person like that
forever?
Like, when I was
in college and--
Yeah, old age has turned you
into such a cynic, huh?
Who are you calling old,
mister?
[phone buzzes]
Hey, it looks like
we're running on empty here.
I will be right back.
[rock music playing]
*
(Josh)
Who are you texting?
Uh, nobody.
I was just Yelping
this place.
Well, I am an open book,
so have at it...
Pumpkin.
I respect your privacy
too much.
[phone buzzes]
[groans]
I'm sorry.
My boss is all over me.
Do you mind if we
call it a night?
Not a problem.
Sorry.
Okay.
This one seems
the least murderer-y.
"Meet me at the coffee shop
on 50th and 6th Avenue.
"Listen for when the barista
calls the name Gary.
Ugh, "I need to see you
wearing the panties.
Want to make sure they're
fresh out of the oven."
Ah!
You got to hand it
to pervs, man.
They don't accept
mediocrity.
I feel so skanky.
Oh, please.
I've done worse.
Like what?
Uh, Lilith Fair in '98.
They don't call them
box seats for nothing.
[laughing]
I hope Caitlin appreciates
what you do for her.
She can never know.
We're taking this
to the grave.
Deal.
Anton, I'd just like to say
once more
how pleased we are to be
publishing the translation
of your magnificent book.
I have just read
the manuscript.
I think that it is going to be
as successful here
as it has been in Sweden.
Well, that is
certainly my hope.
And we are going to do
everything we can
to make sure everybody
knows about it.
Liza?
To begin, we are doing
a teaser campaign,
and we're thinking about
sending Swedish Fish
to bookstores
around the country
maybe six weeks before
the publication date.
Try the green ones.
They're delicious.
Oh.
I'm--I'm sorry.
These are not Swedish Fish.
Taste more like gummy bears.
Stale gummy bears.
Well, they're
shaped like fish,
so they're Swedish Fish.
Actually,
your Swedish Fish
are not Swedish at all.
At home, we call them
pastellfiskar,
but I prefer...
[speaks Swedish]
Which are black like tar
with a bitter licorice taste.
Well, we'll send...
[mumbles]
To the--
to bookstores.
[speaks Swedish]
[repeats Swedish poorly]
You--
Please stop saying it.
Okay.
"The cold winter sun,
"hardly perceptible
on the horizon,
mirrored
my imperceptible heart."
I'm just wondering
if we need the "cold."
I think it's stronger
without it.
[whispers]
I agree.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
We can't.
Everyone can see in here.
And here,
where you write,
"After shutting ourselves
indoors for the winter
"like the first lingonberry
of spring,
we bud miraculously."
I'm just wondering
if "lingonberry"
is meant to be plural...
Oh, God.
Anton, please don't worry
about the Swedish Fish.
I just want you to be
comfortable here.
I am very comfortable,
I assure you.
Oh.
(woman)
* Because you know
* I'm all about that bass,
'bout that bass *
* No treble
* I'm all about that bass,
'bout that bass *
* No treble
(Liza)
All right, which one,
do you think?
I don't know.
They all kind of look
like pervs to me.
Gary?
(woman)
* Yeah, it's pretty clear *
* I ain't no size 2 *
* But I can shake it,
shake it *
* Like I'm supposed to do *
(whispers)
Gary.
(woman)
* That all the boys chase
* And all the right junk
in all the right places *
Let's see them.
Did you sleep in them
last night?
Yes,
and I did an hour of hot yoga
this morning.
- Nice.
- Show me the money.
(woman)
* I'm all about that bass,
'bout that bass *
Okay.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right here.
(woman)
* Mama, she told me
* Don't worry about your size *
* She says boys like
a little more booty *
* To hold at night
* Hey
* I'm bringing booty back *
[inhales deeply]
* Yeah, my mama,
she told me *
Hey. Hey.
Gary. Gary!
What happened?
I just got sniffed
and stiffed.
Ew.
* 'Bout that bass,
hey *
You always get the money first.
Didn't I mention that?
It's okay.
I don't think this
is my calling.
I think I'm gonna
close up shop.
Okay, well,
if you're interested,
I have another gig for you.
Okay.
I'm listening.
So my friend Rakeem does PR
for a start-up
that's throwing a launch party
for a new app
called Getcha Buzz On.
I'm sure they could use
a cocktail waitress tonight.
I did a gig with Rakeem
and the beauty is,
he pays in cash
right after you turn in
your costume.
Costume?
[phone ringing]
Unless my ears
are deceiving me,
that is my phone ringing
off the hook.
Uh, I'm sorry.
Where'd she go?
I like your look.
You're hot but not whorey.
Uh, thanks.
So what does this app do?
It geolocates affiliated
liquor brands
so you can buy drinks
using your Buzz Points.
It sounds like a complicated way
to get a drink.
You got that right.
I like my liquor
and my men the same way:
simple.
Yeah.
Same here.
All right,
you're good to go.
Okay.
Oh.
[energetic techno music]
*
[indistinct chatter]
I know you.
You work for Diana Trout.
Well, obviously, I work in
publishing for love, not money.
Buzzy navel?
Oh.
Glad to meet a girl who's not
living off her trust fund.
Trust fund?
My father's a high school
gym teacher
in Maplewood, New Jersey.
And is marketing
your passion?
Well, my heart's
in editorial,
but it's, uh--
yeah, it's very valuable
learning from Diana.
You're quite the politician.
So what brings you out
to this fabulous bash?
Oh, a friend of mine
is an investor.
Also, I'm just trying
to get out there more,
expand my comfort zone
since my divorce.
Those first few months
are tough.
I totally understand.
I mean, not--
I don't understand,
like personally,
but I--
I've read many novels
with divorced characters.
Well, here's to
a bright future
and fewer parties
like this one
for both of us.
Sorry, I can't drink
on the job.
Uh...
[clears throat]
Unless you work
in editorial.
Ha. Okay.
Oh, my God!
I am so sorry.
I'm really--
I'm really sorry.
I think you're done here
for the night.
Yeah.
I think so too.
Okay.
(Kelsey)
Wait, you didn't get paid?
Paid?
I'm lucky
I didn't have to pay
for Rakeem's vintage Dior
calfskin jacket.
Oh.
You know, if you're really
strapped for cash,
you could always
sell your eggs.
I saw your spill last night.
I think you better
stick to publishing.
I'm just saying.
Well, as long as
I still get to
wear hot pants
in the office.
Only on casual Fridays.
[laughs]
Why is he talking to you?
Uh, it's--
it was nothing.
I know an inside joke
when I see one.
Get in here.
[door bangs]
And?
We ran into each other
at this party last night.
What kind of party would
you be at with Charles?
Well, I wasn't
exactly a guest.
I was working...
as a caterer.
Actually, more as
a bartendress.
You were serving people?
Well, I need to make
some extra money.
I have this
student loan payment
of, like, $1,800 due,
and they're totally
harassing me and--
I see.
So tell me...
What's Charles like
in the wild?
Actually,
he's a little dorky.
Dorky?
Yeah.
I mean, he's at
this cool party
at this very happening club.
- Mm-hmm.
- Very young crowd.
Like, nobody over 30,
and they're all partying--
On a Tuesday night?
And was Charles...
partying?
No.
I mean, that's my point.
He wasn't.
He didn't look very
comfortable there.
Oh, thank God.
I mean, it was like he was
going through the motions
of trying to have a good time,
but you could tell
he was just kind of forcing
himself to get out there.
Did he bring a date?
Definitely not.
He was alone.
All alone at a hot party.
Sad.
Men are so desperate.
I do think he's feeling
a little adrift
since the divorce, which,
you know, it's totally normal.
And where do you gather these
little nuggets of wisdom from?
BuzzFeed?
It was just an observation.
The headline here, Liza,
is that girls who work for me
shouldn't spend their nights
cocktail waitressing.
It's very bad form.
The only moonlighting
I want you doing
is here in this office.
Am I clear?
Perfectly.
[phone chimes]
Hey, where you going?
Anton wants me to meet him
at some address
in the West Village.
What for?
I don't know.
But, Liza,
he is a little kinky.
Kelsey, you can't let
this guy degrade you.
Excuse me?
You just took your panties off
in a coffee shop bathroom
and sold them to a pervert
on Craigslist.
Correction:
almost sold.
Whatever.
I think it was good for you,
and I think this
is good for me.
[upbeat rock music]
*
(woman)
* You got me all fired up
* Running round with you
* You got me feeling
something special *
* So what am I to do?
Hey.
You found me.
What is this place?
You'll see.
Okay.
Close your eyes.
Keep them closed.
Uh-huh.
[giggling]
Keep your eyes closed.
And stop.
Now,
open your mouth.
What does it taste like?
Bitter...
[clears throat]
licorice.
Little salty.
Exactly.
That is real Swedish Fish.
Did you bring me here
to eat candy?
Maybe this you can send
with my book.
Wouldn't be bad idea.
Okay.
Oh.
And you must try these.
[speaks Swedish]
It's my favorite.
Delicious.
Good.
Excuse me?
My girlfriend and I would
like a pound of...
[speaks Swedish]
Please.
Some...
[speaking Swedish]
I am not your girlfriend,
Anton.
I'm your editor.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
I mean, my editor.
Bring me the catalog copy
for the Bjornberg book.
I looked for it on your desk,
but it was a rat's nest.
Sure.
I'll go find it.
Diana,
this is generous of you,
but I couldn't possibly
take this.
Consider it an early
Christmas bonus.
You have no idea how much
this means to me.
I don't know how to thank you.
Well,
you can start by bringing me
that catalog copy I asked for.
Of course.
And Charles is not dorky.
You don't know him at all.
She doesn't know him at all.
Hey.
[clears throat]
[sighs]
So what's going on
with you?
Hmm?
Nothing.
Why?
Well,
you've been acting
a little weird.
I am weird.
I mean, you've been making
phone calls in the bathroom,
hiding emails.
I just feel like
you're acting sketchy.
Okay,
um...
All right,
the truth is...
I have been short on cash,
so I made an ill-fated attempt
to sell my used underwear.
Wait.
What?
Here.
You can read the emails.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
[chuckles]
And how much did my
sexy girlfriend profit
from this very
questionable transaction?
$1,800.
Yeah.
Wow.
Uh, how much do you think
a pair of American Apparel
boxer briefs
with a slightly blown-out
waistband are going for--
No, I'm out
of the business.
Ah.
Just ballpark it.
(man)
Josh. Let's go.
Hey.
Thanks for being so honest,
groupie.
[band warming up]
[phone chimes]
(man)
One, two, three...
[bluegrass music playing]
(woman)
Whoo!
(man)
Yeah!
*
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org